# Running .exe files via the command prompt
AI is pretty cool right! With this Connect4.exe file, assuming you know the rules of the game (seriously just look them, they are super easy), you can see firsthand how powerful AI really is. Simply download the .exe file and save it to somewhere on your computer. Then when you run it, you can pass in an integer argument to increase the strength of the engine. If you do not know how to run .exe files, it is very easy, so let us see how that can be done.
1. Open up an instance of command prompt by clicking the Windows icon in the bottom left of your screen, typing `cmd` and hitting enter
2. Now you will want to navigate to wherever the .exe file happens to be located on your system. As an example, let's say that is at `C:/Users/Me/Downloads/Connect4/connect4.exe`. The first command we must type to navigate to this file is simply `C:` and then press enter. This navigates to the C Drive, where the file happens to exist in our example. If it exists on another drive on your system, for example say the Y Drive, you would type `Y:` instead
3. Next you will need to use the `cd` or "Change Directory" command, which, predictably, changes your working directory. For our example, here is what I would then type: `cd Users/Me/Downloads/Connect4`. Note that I don't include the last bit, the `connect4.exe` part. That is because `cd` deals with directories, and a .exe file is certainly not a directory!
4. By now you should be in the proper directory where the .exe file is stored. All you have to do now is simply type the name of the .exe file and you will be running it! In our example, I would type simply `connect4.exe` and hit enter.
5. If you wish to increase the strength of the AI you will be playing against, you must add arguments to the .exe file when you run it. This would be achieved simply in our example by typing `connect4.exe 125`, which will pass in an argument of 125, which, for this particular file, corresponds to how strong the AI is. However you must be careful with this option, as any strength level beyond 15 takes far too long to work.
6. If you are running this on a school computer, it is likely when attempting to run connect_4_AB.exe that it will complain about not being able to find some .dll files. If that is the case, you should be able to download the .dll files in this directory and put them into the same folder from which you are running connect_4_AB.exe, and it will work (hopefully)

Ok so now you should (hopefully) understand how to run and pass arguments to .exe files, and some other basic stuff about command prompt. Now let's see if you are up to the challenge! Can you beat my 'super powerful' AI? (and don't try to get smart with me looking for any online [solutions](https://github.com/tromp/fhourstones88))
